but low skiing is for everyone it is
only during the last several years that
particular attention has been directed
towards women more than ever women now
have better conditions to get the best
out of their skiing first and foremost
the increased focus on women has
resulted in the production of more
varied and specifically targeted
equipment boots and skis can now be
found which actually fit women better
using the proper equipment conserve
strength and conserving strength means
greater energy and that can easily be
used when scheme
skiing is meant to be fun and it is only
truly fun when certain precautions are
taken using equipment that best suits
you and your skiing style is not to
known enough you must also be aware of
your own particular needs as a skier
experience has shown that women are more
careful skiers but this is something you
recognize it is also something you may
want to consider you may for example ski
with a group if that suits you better
but do decline the offer if you feel
more inclined to ski on your own
it may be a good idea to go skiing with
skiers that are at the same level as
yourself you may alternate between
taking it easy and pushing yourself a
little further without getting bored or
having to concentrate on hanging on it
is a good idea to assess the situation
objectively do not commence your skiing
without being completely prepared and
ready for it and when you actually take
to the slopes trust the technique and
that the skis will do their job
new ski toys like fun carving skis and
snow blades are for everyone you should
therefore also participate in the
experiences that alternative equipment
and skiing in different ways may provide
you